How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
It is very helpful because it allows me to automatize the comparison of files, so I can
find the diferences between files in a faster and more efficient way.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer
in the long term?
It will do easier for me to track down differences between my code in a much faster and efficient way
so I can focus on writing good code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git,
vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
The pros are that you won't get a lot of versions based on insignificant changes, and also that you won't
to many changes for commit, this makes the version easier to undestand.
The con is that git is based on manual save, so it is entirely up to the developer to choose when to save.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Because Git is designed for software development, while google docs is design for documents.
Often software development demands the use of more than one file (ie web development, css, html)
that is why Git allows saving multiple files in one commit.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
The "git log" command allows me to see the different versions of the code along
with a description containing the changes. Git diff compares two different versions
of the same file to spot difference between then.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
It makes very confident in making changes because it's easier and faster to identify the changes made
across different versions of the same file.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I would like to use it for a webpage I'm currently working on.

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
The files within the repository are linked to the version control system (in this case Git). 
This has to be done because is the way in wich Git works.